In this video I'll explain the concept of our requests and we'll look at how and our request is handled
by an Ethernet switch.
So here we see a pretty simple diagram of two devices connected to anything that switch.
This could be virtual machines they could be physical machines but there are some sort of device that's
connected to an Ethernet switch.
For the sake of this example let's assume that their Windows machines and let's assume that the machine
on the left with MAC address a and IP address tend not one not want to wants to communicate with the
machine on the right.
Let's say it wants to send a ping to it.
Now with that in the source or virtual machine there's going to be an ARP table and when an ARP table
is essentially a list of mappings that map IP addresses to MAC addresses because if my source VM wants
to communicate with this destination VM that's going to happen over there to network this traffic is
not being sent to the default gateway.
It's not being sent to a router.
It's going to be direct communication over that which between these virtual machines.
So in order to accomplish that the source VM needs to know the MAC address of the destination virtual
machine.
So let's say I go into my Windows operating system on my source VM and I type in the command paying
$10 Wannop 1.3 and my all table in the guest operating system of this source virtual machine does not
currently have an R table entry for that IP address.
That means at this point the sending VM doesn't know the MAC address of the receiving what will happen
at this point is the source virtual machine will generate and ARP request and in ARP request is a layer
to broadcast.
So the source VM will send out this broadcast basically saying who has the IP address at hand not one
not one not three it will send that broadcast to the physical or virtual switch.
And at that point the switch will flooded out every single port that the switch is connected to every
port on that layer 2 domain and a bunch of machines are going to see this request that don't need to
see it.
All right it's a broadcast.
So it's going to hit everything.
Until it eventually hits the appropriate machine.
And this machine is going to say Yeah ten not one not one not three.
That's me.
Let me generate an output response.
And it will then send an ARP response to the source machine to provide it with that IP.
Tim Alcatraz mapping.
So then in the future if the source machine generates some traffic destined for $10 one not one not
three that can be unicast traffic that goes directly to that destination virtual machine.
So it's in our best interests to minimize this our traffic as much as we possibly can because it's broadcast
traffic and it generates a lot of overhead on our network.
When we get into NSX We'll take a look at how NSX suppresses these ARP requests and kind of minimizes
the number of broadcasts that are required on Alair to network.
So in summary and our request is simply a request by virtue machine to discover the destination MAC.
It already knows the destination IP it's trying to communicate with something that's on that same network
that same layer to network so issues in ARP request to discover the destination MAC.